Add aria-* to HTML attributes index table (#44086)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/html/reference/attributes/index.md

      </td>
      <td>Alternative text in case an image can't be displayed.</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>

>         <code><a href="/en-US/docs/Web/Accessibility/ARIA/Reference/Attributes">aria-*</a></code>

Reviewer: Personally I don't think this should belong in the main table. It's not defined by the HTML spec, so it should be an aside that these attributes are available.

Reviewer 2: I think it is part of the spec - the latest draft was just a month ago as I write this: https://w3c.github.io/html-aria/ - I struggle with these things because it seems that nothing is strictly defined.

Reviewer 3: The HTML spec does state "The role attribute is defined in Accessible Rich Internet Applications (ARIA)..." (and "... ARIA [role](https://html.spec.whatwg.org/#attr-aria-role) and [aria-*](https://html.spec.whatwg.org/#attr-aria-*) attributes on [HTML elements](https://html.spec.whatwg.org/#html-elements) are defined in ARIA in HTML...."). Role is in the list. aria-* should be too.

Reviewer: ok, that sounds good

      </td>
      <td>
        All elements
      </td>
      <td>

>         Depending on the specific attribute, <a href="/en-US/docs/Web/Accessibility/ARIA/">ARIA</a> attributes modify an element's state or properties as defined in the accessibility tree.

Reviewer 4: To align with the phrasing in other rows in this table, what about:

```suggestion
        Modifies an element's state or properties in the accessibility tree. Applicability depends on the specific <a href="/en-US/docs/Web/Accessibility/ARIA/">ARIA</a> attribute.
```

Reviewer 4: We could consider expanding ARIA here:

"Applicability depends on the specific Accessible Rich Internet Applications (<a href="/en-US/docs/Web/Accessibility/ARIA/">ARIA</a>) attribute."

      </td>
      <td>Alternative text in case an image can't be displayed.</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>
        <code><a href="/en-US/docs/Web/Accessibility/ARIA/Reference/Attributes">aria-*</a></code>
      </td>
      <td>

>         Depends on the specific attribute

Reviewer 3: I think "All elements" might be better here, because every element can accept at least one `aria-*` attribute, like `aria-atomic`.

Author: Agree but isn't it going to cause a bit of confusion as to what the difference is between "All elements" and "Global attribute"?

Reviewer 3: The `role` attribute is global, and some `aria-*` attributes are too, but not all. Maybe @dipikabh has thoughts or even a better wording option.

Author: `role` already has a dedicated row in the HTML attributes table so we're only talking about proper `aria-*` attributes. Your point still stands about not all of them being global.

Author: I committed with "All elements" for the time being since I think it is still better than what I had first written.

Author: :wave: Hey @dipikabh! Could you get the time to see this?

Reviewer 4: Thanks for the wait! I've added my suggestions :)

Author: Nice, thank you, I committed them so this should be in a good state for review now ! :pray:

      </td>
      <td>
        <p>Allow modifying an element's states and properties as defined in the accessibility tree.</p>

>         See <a href="/en-US/docs/Web/Accessibility/ARIA/Guides">ARIA Guides</a>.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
        Depending on the specific attribute, <a href="/en-US/docs/Web/Accessibility/ARIA/">ARIA</a> attributes modify an element's state or properties as defined in the accessibility tree.
```
